Remove unused callback from GUI exercise (#1293)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/exercises/day-3/safe-ffi-wrapper.md

Rust has great support for calling functions through a _foreign function
interface_ (FFI). We will use this to build a safe wrapper for the `libc`

> functions you would use from C to read the names of files in a directory.

Reviewer: This change is unrelated and has already been reviewed in #1286. You should create a new branch for every change and avoid making changes "on top" of each other:

```suggestion
functions you would use from C to read the filenames of a directory.
```
